Clarifying WND null Permission manager (#2937)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/enterprise/external_storage/windows-network-drive_configuration.adoc

===== The Null Permission Manager

> The Null Permission Manager is the default permission manager and is used if no other ACL manager is specified. Even when no value is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Null Permission Manager` is the default permission manager for ACL´s and is used, if no other ACL manager is specified. This is also the case, when no permission is explicitly set.
```
